docs: import statements + fixed broken images (#228)
latchbio/latch: docs/source/basics/parameter_types.md

## Supported Types

> Tasks support all native Python types, while workflow only supports a subset of types.

Reviewer: this is false? we certainly don't support "all native Python types" by pretty much any defnition

also the workflows and tasks support the same stuff

> Below is an exhaustive list of supported workflow parameter types currently shipped with the SDK, and how they will translate to the workflow GUI once the workflow is registered.

Reviewer: not exhaustive:
- missing `dataclass`
- missing `Union`
- lists can contain anything inside
- should mention custom type transformers (just a link to flyte docs probably)

Author: Are you referring to this: https://docs.flyte.org/projects/cookbook/en/latest/auto/core/extend_flyte/custom_types.html

### Strings

```python
@workflow
def bactopia_wf(
    ...
    sample_name: str = "sample1"
    ...
)
```

![str](../assets/ui/str.png)

### Files

```python
from latch.types import LatchFile
from typing import Optional

...
@workflow
def bactopia_wf(
    ...

>     fastq_one: Optional[LatchFile] = None,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fastq_one: LatchFile | None = None,
```
this is python 3.10 syntax

provided by the `typing` module.

```python
from latch.types import LatchFile
from typing import List

@workflow
def rnaseq(
    sample_identifiers: list[str],
    sample_reads: List[LatchFile]
):
...
```

![List](../assets/ui/list.png)

### Dataclass

If you want to handle file references and their associated metadata as inputs to your workflow, you may want to use a `dataclass`.

```python
from dataclasses import dataclass
from typing import List

@dataclass
class Sample:
    name: str
    fastq: LatchFile

@workflow
def rnaseq(
    samples: List[Sample]
):

```

![List of class](../assets/ui/dataclass.png)

### Custom Types

> If existing types don't directly work, it is possible to define your own custom types to be used in tasks and workflows. See the Flyte docs on how to do so [here](https://docs.flyte.org/projects/cookbook/en/latest/auto/core/extend_flyte/custom_types.html).

Reviewer: - make sure your links stand on their own, like you should be able to copy just the link text and know what it does. in this case "here" is not descriptive
```suggestion
If existing types are not sufficient to properly model the input or output data, it is possible to define your own custom types for use in tasks and workflows. [Flyte documentation on custom type transformers](https://docs.flyte.org/projects/cookbook/en/latest/auto/core/extend_flyte/custom_types.html) describes this process. The workflow interface will show inputs for the underlying representation (the IDL) of the custom type.
```

## Setting Default Values

> If a parameter has a default value, it will be displayed to the user in the frontend interface and will be passed by default if no change is made. You do not have to provide a default value, but it helps document parameters and provide semantic context to users.

Reviewer: - small clarifications
- don't want to encourage people setting defaults for *everything* since it will lead to stupid stuff like input files defaulting to "/input_file.fasta" or something like that which will be wrong
- expanded on reasons for giving default values
```suggestion
If a parameter has a default value, it is displayed to the user in the frontend interface and passed to the workflow if the user does not change it. Default values are optional but encouraged as, if a reasonable default exists, it can improve the user experience by encouraging best practices and allowing users to focus on the settings that really matter to them.
```

provided by the `typing` module.

```python
from latch.types import LatchFile
from typing import List

@workflow
def rnaseq(

>     sample_identifiers: List[str],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    sample_identifiers: list[str],
```
python 3.9 deprecated `typing.List`, `typing.Dict`, and others

    sample_reads: List[LatchFile]
):
...
```

![List](../assets/ui/list.png)

### Dataclass

If you want to handle file references and their associated metadata as an input to your workflow, you may want to use a `dataclass`.

```python
from dataclasses import dataclass
from dataclasses_json import dataclass_json
from typing import List

@dataclass_json
@dataclass
class Sample:
    name: str
    fastq: LatchFile

@workflow
def rnaseq(
    samples: List[Sample]
):

```

![List of class](../assets/ui/dataclass.png)

## Setting Default Values

> Notice that every parameter in the above list of types had a default value. This

Reviewer: most didn't
